1. Overview

Scenario
As a freelance full-stack web developer, you have been awarded the prestigious contract to design and develop a modern web application for a distinguished Not for Profit (NFP). This organization is dedicated to significantly impacting the community by supporting vulnerable groups through innovative technology solutions. Your expertise and innovative approach to web development have made you stand out, making you the developer of choice for this critical project.
Client Overview
The client is a renowned NFP in Melbourne focused on improving the health and well-being of underrepresented communities. They provide crucial resources, support, and education to one of the following options of your choice:
Health promotion through community sport
Public health through nutrition education
Youth mental health and wellbeing
Men’s health
Women’s health
[Or another option of your choice that you believe needs this support] - consult with your tutor.
This NFP seeks to leverage technology to expand its reach, enhance its services, and streamline its operations to better serve its target audience. 
The success of this initiative heavily relies on the user experience (UX) of the web application, as it serves as a critical driver for their business success and community impact.
Pick a project topic by W3 and tell your tutor in the lab! They will make a note of this.
Website Content (Website Copy)
Note: For the purpose of this assignment, you need to research different not-for-profit and leadership network websites to gain an understanding of some sample content that should be included on your website. 
While there are no marks attached to the accuracy of your content, some basic research on the internet should suggest suitable content for you (i.e. using a search engine to look up health charities to find examples of what kind of content should be included).
When conducting content research for your NFP website, a good starting point is to review other similar NFP websites. Look for how they present their information, the types of content they prioritize (like blog posts, FAQs and resource guides), and the design choices that enhance user engagement. Analyze their approach to communicating with different audiences, especially through the use of visuals like infographics, photos, and video content. 
Hint: For this section, you might want to conduct an in-depth analysis of at least three existing NFP websites. A structured approach will sharpen your research skills and enable you to apply what you learn to your project effectively.
Hint: You are welcome to use Generative AI to write the content of your website (but declare this as part of your AI Acknowledgements section).
2. Business Requirements A-C
The new Web Application must be able to meet the following Functional and Non-Functional Business requirements.
BUSINESS REQUIREMENT (CATEGORY A):   
BR (A.1): Development Stack [Coverage: Week 1]
The new Web Application must be developed using VueJS 3 framework.
BR (A.2): Responsiveness 
The new Web Application must have responsiveness capability to be compatible with various devices.
Hint: Responsiveness can be achieved using Bootstrap, Materialize CSS or any other Framework
BUSINESS REQUIREMENT (CATEGORY B):  
BR (B.1): Validations
The new Web Application must implement user input validations with a minimum of two different types of validations. 
BR (B.2): Dynamic Data   
The new Web Application must be able to dynamically fetch and displays values from the underlying JavaScript data structures (e.g. fetched from JSON, State variables or vue binding). 
HINT: Use Local Storage to persist data beyond the current session. Example.
BUSINESS REQUIREMENT (CATEGORY C):
BR (C.1): Authentication   
The new Web Application must have a basic authentication mechanism (login/register functionality and user accounts) to provide confidentiality.
BR (C.2): Role-based authentication
The new Web Application must have a role-based authentication mechanism (supporting different types of users) with a minimum of two roles to support different authorisation levels on pages.
BR (C.3): Rating
The new Web Application must implement an aggregated rating score feature. Users can rate and see the average rating from all users for a particular aspect (Such as Reviews).
BR (C.4): Security
The new Web Application must implement basic security to protect from online attacks such as XSS. Also needs to follow basic security practices (e.g. implementing client-side data validation).
3. Business Requirements D-E
BUSINESS REQUIREMENT (CATEGORY D)
BR (D.1): External Authentication
The new Web Application must have an external authentication mechanism (such as Firebase Auth).
BR (D.2): Email
The new Web Application must be able to send emails with an attachment. Use SendGrid API or other email API services to achieve this.
BR (D.3): Interactive Table Data
The new Web Application must display interactive table data with a minimum of two tables. The table needs to support: sort, search and limit to 10 rows per page. User must be able to search by individual column.
Hint: DataTables supports pagination features. Mock data can be generated using Mockaroo
BR (D.4): Deployment to the cloud
Fully working public online version hosted (e.g. on Cloudflare Pages, on Google Cloud Hosting etc). 
BUSINESS REQUIREMENT (CATEGORY E)
BR (E.1): Cloud Functions
The new Web Application must use serverless such as Firebase Cloud functions to execute server-side functionality. 
BR (E.2): Geo Location
The new Web Application must display a map with minimum two features. These two features need to be non-trivial features. For example: searching places of interest, navigate between places, and trip information etc. 
“Background will be blue” is not a feature and wont be accepted.
Hints: Displaying features on a Map such as search, routing and geocoding etc. can be done using MapBox, Mapify or similar API
BR (E.3): Accessibility
The application must meet WCAG 2.1 accessibility standards at the AA level to ensure usability by people with a range of disabilities. Provide accessibility features such as keyboard navigability in forms and provide text alternatives for non-text content.
Hint: See this website for standard accessibility checks that are done on websites: https://www.accessibilitychecker.org/ 
BR (E.4): Export 
The new Web Application must be able to export data (for example: as CSV or PDF file).
4. Business Requirement F (Innovation)
BUSINESS REQUIREMENT (CATEGORY F):
BR (F.1): Innovation
The new Web Application must implement four extended innovative features aimed at improving User Experience (UX). A research report with details on which features have been implemented and recommendations for future upgrades must be prepared and submitted. Note that implemented innovations may represent enhancements to existing features. Examples of extended innovative features: 
Appointment Booking (using Calendar): The new Web Application must implement booking constraints such as booking conflict management using Calendar. Hint: Displaying features on a Calendar such as event constraint can be done using FullCalendar.io API
Bulk Email: The new Web Application must be able to send bulk email to selected users.
Provide API access to others i.e. exposing at least 2 routes on your platform to allow third parties to fetch data using REST protocol.
Interactive Charts - The new Web Application must display an interactive chart or graph using data from Firestore. 
Incorporate GenAI such as Gemini API or OpenAI API (note: Gemini API can be used for testing free of cost, so it is recommended to use that)
Admin Dashboard - Create a dashboard view for the system admin of this health charity (you may want to create a seprate role for ‘admin’), where they can see an overview of the website including number of users and types of users.
App with at least two offline features like: Checking if user is online/offline, extended use of Local Storage etc.Submission Instructions
All submissions to be done via Moodle submission box.
As soon as you start your assignment - you should share your code on Git with your assigned lab tutor.
Not sharing your code progress via Github will lead to a marking penalty. 
For D/HD - you will need to also attend a demonstration (technical interview).